datasets/README.md, before:

## Description

Here you can find all the data sets that we have generated throughout our research.

## Contents

- [Commits Analysis.csv](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Commits%20Analysis.csv) --> Final version of our Google Spreadsheets page that contains the labeled (cost taxonomy + sentiment analysis) commits.
- [Issue Analysis.csv](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Issue%20Analysis.csv) --> Final version of our Google Spreadsheets page that contains the labeled (cost taxonomy + sentiment analysis) issues.
- [Commit mining/](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/tree/main/datasets/Commit%20Mining)
  - [terraform_keyworded.json](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Commit%20Mining/terraform_keyworded.json) --> JSON file containing all repositories that contain the keywords used for filtering
  - [terraform_tf_keywords.json](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Commit%20Mining/terraform_tf_keywords.json) --> JSON file containing all repositories that contain the keywords used for filtering, and had modifications on a ```.tf``` or ```.tf.json``` file.
- [Issue mining](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/tree/main/datasets/Issue%20Mining)
  - [terraform_issues.json](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Issue%20Mining/terraform_issues.json) --> JSON data for all issues and pull requests that contain the cost keywords used for filtering.
- [Repository mining](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/tree/main/datasets/Repository%20Mining)
  - [hclURLs.txt](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Repository%20Mining/hclURLs.txt) --> Contains the links to the repositories that contain ```hcl``` files.
  - [terraform_repos.txt](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Repository%20Mining/terraform_repos.txt) --> Contains the links to the repositories that contain ```hcl```, ```.tf```, and ```.tf.json``` files.

Commit message:

Added Taxonomy and labels.xlsx to the contents.

datasets/README.md, after:

## Description

Here you can find all the data sets that we have generated throughout our research.

## Contents

- [Commits Analysis.csv](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Commits%20Analysis.csv) --> Final version of our Google Spreadsheets page that contains the labeled (cost taxonomy + sentiment analysis) commits.
- [Issue Analysis.csv](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Issue%20Analysis.csv) --> Final version of our Google Spreadsheets page that contains the labeled (cost taxonomy + sentiment analysis) issues.
- [Taxonomy and labels.xlsx](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Taxonomy%20and%20labels.xlsx) --> Microsoft Excel file containing our taxonomy and labels.
- [Commit mining/](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/tree/main/datasets/Commit%20Mining)
  - [terraform_keyworded.json](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Commit%20Mining/terraform_keyworded.json) --> JSON file containing all repositories that contain the keywords used for filtering
  - [terraform_tf_keywords.json](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Commit%20Mining/terraform_tf_keywords.json) --> JSON file containing all repositories that contain the keywords used for filtering, and had modifications on a ```.tf``` or ```.tf.json``` file.
- [Issue mining](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/tree/main/datasets/Issue%20Mining)
  - [terraform_issues.json](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Issue%20Mining/terraform_issues.json) --> JSON data for all issues and pull requests that contain the cost keywords used for filtering.
- [Repository mining](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/tree/main/datasets/Repository%20Mining)
  - [hclURLs.txt](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Repository%20Mining/hclURLs.txt) --> Contains the links to the repositories that contain ```hcl``` files.
  - [terraform_repos.txt](https://github.com/Max593/Mining-and-Analysis-of-Cost-related-Decisions-in-Cloud-Infrastructures/blob/main/datasets/Repository%20Mining/terraform_repos.txt) --> Contains the links to the repositories that contain ```hcl```, ```.tf```, and ```.tf.json``` files.
